hello everybody this is Justin from kick
us and today I am reviewing the Mad Catz
FPS Pro it's really not so much
different from a regular Xbox 360
controller I mean the sticks are pretty
good I mean pretty loose they they
actually feel pretty a little bit better
than a regular 360 like feel a little
bit more responsive um they do light up
but of course no one really buys the and
of course no one ever really buys
controllers because well they light up
the d-pad is kind of junk because I mean
oh it like a lot of times when I was
playing Gears of War 3 I could not
change my weapon because the stupid
thing would not recognize the left or
right inputs it's very comfortable to
hold mostly thanks to the rubberized
strip here I really like the left and
right bumpers they're very clicky and as
you can hear this good um
the interesting thing they do have is
they do have remappable buttons right
here and as you can see a B X Y I kind
of things a little awkward I kind of
wish that a and B could be I could
choose a and B at the same time cuz
personally that's kind of how you really
do it I mean jump and Crouch slash knife
if you're playing Call of Duty though
the really cool thing I like is they
call them the quickfire triggers and
what it is all them let me see how close
I can get this but um if you can hear
this little click just a little
that's basically like basically that's
half a button to press that's like so
the triggers are extremely sensitive
it's just like you barely hit that and
then you just pull down a little bit
more and you start shooting so instead
of shooting down here you're shooting
like right here so you can just
instantly go a lot faster and it helps
out with the rapid-fire capabilities
since this controller is pretty standard
with sticks and buttons I'm not gonna
really be focusing on that what I really
want to focus on is the triggers and
their rapid fire potential as you can
see firing a pistol and a mark 14
there's a lot of inconsistencies and
it's great using automatic weapons but
most of the time your single shotguns
won't really see much of an improvement
though on Halo works pretty great I mean
just spam the trigger and on the carbine
and the plasma pistol
Ghost Recon is just great the triggers
go perfect with the game and as you can
see with a little bit of fire discipline
I can make any gun and do a single shot
two three and five round bursts with
ease
here's three that's great job - nothing
came through an easy pistol Mohammed
burst in it works pretty good with rapid
fire I will definitely say this that the
FPS poachers are a big improvement it's
not just a placebo
the man cats FPS Pro is a real surprise
it may be a $40 controller but it's a
very great design controller yeah the
view map opal buttons are a little low
profile for my taste
I honestly never use them but the best
part is the hyper sensitive triggers and
it's just incredible for rapid fire
though I think the best game for this
controller is Ghost Recon it gives me
the perfect trigger control and it lets
me fire in any round bursts with ease
and for those triggers it's really great
on value compared to a regular
controller it's not like the old days
when the third-party controller is crap
and your friend using it would come and
get pissed off at you I mean it's very
solidly built and for what you pay I
would totally recommend it ok that's the
end of the review hope you all enjoyed
it I'll be uploading my second review
which is the triple review of the FPS
freaks the bionic edge and more
specifically the Avenger DEFCON 4
controller so expect it shortly after
this review loads up again this is
Justin from KQ s and until we meet again
in comrades